README.md, before:

# leetcode
My Solutions for LeetCode Challenges

### Array / String
- [x] Merge Sorted Array
- [x] Remove Element
- [x] Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array
- [x] Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array II
- [x] Majority Element
- [ ] Rotate Array
- [ ] Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock
- [ ] Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock II
- [x] Find Words Containing
- [ ] Jump Game
- [ ] Jump Game II
- [ ] H-Index
- [ ] Insert Delete GetRandom O(1)
- [ ] Product of Array Except Self
- [ ] Gas Station
- [x] Roman to Integer
- [ ] Integer to Roman
- [x] Shuffle String
- [x] Length of Last Word
- [x] Longest Common Prefix
- [x] Reverse Words in a String
- [x] Minimum Operations to Make the Array Increasing
- [ ] Zigzag Conversion
- [x] Find the Index of the First Occurrence in a String
- [X] Single Number I
- [X] Single Number II


### Two Pointers
- [x] Valid Palindrome
- [x] Is Subsequence
- [x] Two Sum II - Input Array Is Sorted
- [x] Container With Most Water
- [ ] 3Sum

### Sliding Window
- [ ] Minimum Size Subarray Sum
- [ ] Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters


### Matrix
- [x] Rotate Image
- [x] Valid Sudoku

### Hashmap
- [x] Ransom Note
- [x] Isomorphic Strings
- [x] Word Pattern
- [x] Two Sum
- [x] Valid Anagram
- [x] Group Anagrams
- [x] Contains Duplicate II
- [x] Find the Difference of Two Arrays

### Intervals
- [ ] Summary Ranges
- [ ] Merge Intervals
- [ ] Insert Interval
- [ ] Minimum Number of Arrows to Burst Balloons

### Stack
- [x] Valid Parentheses
- [x] Simplify Path
- [ ] Min Stack
- [x] Evaluate Reverse Polish Notation

### Linked List
- [x] Linked List Cycle
- [x] Swap Pairs ***
- [x] Add Two Numbers
- [x] Middle of Linked List
- [x] Palindrome Linked List
- [x] Lexicographically Smallest Palindrome
- [ ] Merge Two Sorted Lists
- [ ] Copy List with Random Pointer
- [ ] Reverse Linked List II
- [ ] Remove Nth Node From End of List
- [ ] Remove Duplicates from Sorted List II
- [ ] Rotate List
- [ ] Partition List
- [ ] LRU Cache

### Binary Tree General
- [x] Maximum Depth of Binary Tree
- [x] Same Tree
- [x] Invert Binary Tree
- [ ] Symmetric Tree
- ...

### Binary Tree BFS
- [ ] Average of Levels in Binary Tree
- ...

### Binary Search Tree
- [ ] Minimum Absolute Difference in BST
- ...

### Graph General
- [ ] Number of Islands
- [ ] Surrounded Regions
- [ ] Clone Graph
- [ ] Evaluate Division
- [ ] Course Schedule
- [ ] Course Schedule II
...

### Graph BFS
- [ ] Snakes and Ladders
- [ ] Minimum Genetic Mutation

### Trie
- [x] Implement Trie (Prefix Tree)
- [ ] Design Add and Search Words Data Structure

### Backtracking
...

### Divide & Conquer
- [x] Convert Sorted Array to Binary Search Tree
- ...

### Kadane's Algorithm
- [x] Maximum Subarray
- [ ] Maximum Sum Circular Subarray

### Binary Search
- [ ] Search Insert Position
- ...

### Binary Search
- [ ] Search Insert Position
- ...

### Heap
...

### Bit Manipulation
- [ ] Add Binary
- [ ] Reverse Bits
- [ ] Number of 1 Bits
- [x] Single Number
- ...

### Math
- [x] Palindrome Number
- [x] Plus One
- [ ] Sqrt(x)
- ...

### 1D DP
- [x] Climbing Stairs
- [x] Fibonacci Number
- [x] N-th Tribonacci
- [x] Min Cost Climbing Stairs
- [ ] House Robber
- [ ] Word Break
- [ ] Coin Change
- [ ] Longest Increasing Subsequence

### Multidimensional DP
...

Commit message:

"Merge String Alternately and "Kids With the Greatest Number of Candies"

README.md, after:

# leetcode
My Solutions for LeetCode Challenges

### Array / String
- [x] Merge Sorted Array
- [x] Remove Element
- [x] Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array
- [x] Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array II
- [x] Majority Element
- [ ] Rotate Array
- [ ] Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock
- [ ] Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock II
- [x] Find Words Containing
- [ ] Jump Game
- [ ] Jump Game II
- [ ] H-Index
- [X] Merge String Alternately
- [X] Kids With the Greatest Number of Candies
- [ ] Insert Delete GetRandom O(1)
- [ ] Product of Array Except Self
- [ ] Gas Station
- [x] Roman to Integer
- [ ] Integer to Roman
- [x] Shuffle String
- [x] Length of Last Word
- [x] Longest Common Prefix
- [x] Reverse Words in a String
- [x] Minimum Operations to Make the Array Increasing
- [ ] Zigzag Conversion
- [x] Find the Index of the First Occurrence in a String
- [X] Single Number I
- [X] Single Number II



### Two Pointers
- [x] Valid Palindrome
- [x] Is Subsequence
- [x] Two Sum II - Input Array Is Sorted
- [x] Container With Most Water
- [ ] 3Sum

### Sliding Window
- [ ] Minimum Size Subarray Sum
- [ ] Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters


### Matrix
- [x] Rotate Image
- [x] Valid Sudoku

### Hashmap
- [x] Ransom Note
- [x] Isomorphic Strings
- [x] Word Pattern
- [x] Two Sum
- [x] Valid Anagram
- [x] Group Anagrams
- [x] Contains Duplicate II
- [x] Find the Difference of Two Arrays

### Intervals
- [ ] Summary Ranges
- [ ] Merge Intervals
- [ ] Insert Interval
- [ ] Minimum Number of Arrows to Burst Balloons

### Stack
- [x] Valid Parentheses
- [x] Simplify Path
- [ ] Min Stack
- [x] Evaluate Reverse Polish Notation

### Linked List
- [x] Linked List Cycle
- [x] Swap Pairs ***
- [x] Add Two Numbers
- [x] Middle of Linked List
- [x] Palindrome Linked List
- [x] Lexicographically Smallest Palindrome
- [ ] Merge Two Sorted Lists
- [ ] Copy List with Random Pointer
- [ ] Reverse Linked List II
- [ ] Remove Nth Node From End of List
- [ ] Remove Duplicates from Sorted List II
- [ ] Rotate List
- [ ] Partition List
- [ ] LRU Cache

### Binary Tree General
- [x] Maximum Depth of Binary Tree
- [x] Same Tree
- [x] Invert Binary Tree
- [ ] Symmetric Tree
- ...

### Binary Tree BFS
- [ ] Average of Levels in Binary Tree
- ...

### Binary Search Tree
- [ ] Minimum Absolute Difference in BST
- ...

### Graph General
- [ ] Number of Islands
- [ ] Surrounded Regions
- [ ] Clone Graph
- [ ] Evaluate Division
- [ ] Course Schedule
- [ ] Course Schedule II
...

### Graph BFS
- [ ] Snakes and Ladders
- [ ] Minimum Genetic Mutation

### Trie
- [x] Implement Trie (Prefix Tree)
- [ ] Design Add and Search Words Data Structure

### Backtracking
...

### Divide & Conquer
- [x] Convert Sorted Array to Binary Search Tree
- ...

### Kadane's Algorithm
- [x] Maximum Subarray
- [ ] Maximum Sum Circular Subarray

### Binary Search
- [ ] Search Insert Position
- ...

### Binary Search
- [ ] Search Insert Position
- ...

### Heap
...

### Bit Manipulation
- [ ] Add Binary
- [ ] Reverse Bits
- [ ] Number of 1 Bits
- [x] Single Number
- ...

### Math
- [x] Palindrome Number
- [x] Plus One
- [ ] Sqrt(x)
- ...

### 1D DP
- [x] Climbing Stairs
- [x] Fibonacci Number
- [x] N-th Tribonacci
- [x] Min Cost Climbing Stairs
- [ ] House Robber
- [ ] Word Break
- [ ] Coin Change
- [ ] Longest Increasing Subsequence

### Multidimensional DP
...
